---
title: "the saga of the jailbroken kindle"
layout: single
author_profile: false
---
I recently descoveres the ability to jailbreak kindles, and i was like, "oh, cool". turns out amazon hates it when people do fun things, and they constantly push updates without telling you to disable the newest jailbreak. the only solution it to turn on airplane mode. so i turned on airplane mode, watching the jailbreak pages for anything new at all. My kindle does not have special offers, so adbreak was off the table. or so i thought(dramatic foreshadowing). More than 2 months later, i check again. still no new winterbreak, no new languagebreak, no new anything. i go to the kindle website, and there in a little postscript is a yellow box labled "enable special offers." i was shocked. this whole time, i could have just done that. i immediatly hit that button, filled up my kindles drive with huge files, so amazon wouldn't force an OTA update when i re-enabled wifi, and synced my kindle. The ads appeared. i was extremely happy, and i instantly downloaded the jailbreak and followed all the steps. i swapped the ads for the provided executable, deleted the update that amazon had tried and failed to push, and clicked an ad. "This ads data is malformed. Please sync and try again." -amazon. hah. as if amazon could do anything at this point. a lil notification popped up, saying welcome to adbreak. i clicked ok. a new one popped up, saying "Bang!". clicked close. terminal logs filled the screen, and the kindle rebooted. when i was back, it said please install the hotfix now. i was golden. i downloaded the hotfix, ran it as an update, using amazon's treasured system against them, and locked the jailbreak to my kindle. a lil bit of OT update disabling later, and my jailbreak was permanent. i freed up my disk, turned wifi back on, but there was nothing amazon could do. the second an update.bin file appeared, my sys said nope and deleted it. a couple hours later and i had gambatte-k2 installed, enabling gameboy color emulation on my kindle. and hey. if you have a kindle and want a better community and more things to do with it, all you have to do is enable airplane mode and go to the kindle modding wiki. they can help you. and there will be nothing that amazon can do about it.
